# Answers to Expand
1. Answering each part:
   - The asynchronous nature might be a pain to developer because there might be unexpected behavior based on when the developer receives information. For instance, if you have a piece of code that will run an analysis on a file after a user uploads the file, the code that runs the analysis might run before the file is finished uploading if not handled correctly. The need to be constantly aware of situations like this might leave some developers feeling annoyed.
   - Loose typing might be extremely annoying for certain developers, especially with all the type conversions. Especially with larger projects, it starts getting really hard to tell what type of data a certain variable is supposed to be, and especially with all the function-calling and multiple files, it starts to become extremely annoying to deal with at large projects with large teams.
   - The web platform can be a pain point for some developers because of the restrictive nature of developing Javascript on the web. Due to this, it becomes harder to developers to attempt to do things outside of the web such as creating a reminder on your device. This might be annoying to some developers.
2. Making Javascript loosely typed was probably because Javascript is not compiled, and is instead ran on the spot (interpreted). The language would have no way of knowing if a variable was actually being typed correctly or not as a result, and thus everything is kept loosely typed in order to make it possible to handle. As for asynchronous features, these were added probably because of how the web works. Due to the nature of wifi and connections, it's impossible to tell when data that is fetched will actually reach the user. If, for example, connection is slow, the data is not reaching the user, and the code is not asynchronous, the website would theoretically just freeze, which is not a good user experience. Asynchronous features were added to handle these sorts of cases.
3. While compiled languages first compile the code before running it at all in order to make sure that there are no syntax errors or other compilation errors, an interpreted language will go directly from file to running the code. As answered in the previous question, Javascript is an interpreted language. This means that Javascript can be run extremely easily on the web, since the web could just take the Javascript file and immediately start running it. On the downside, this means that if your code breaks, you'll only get 1 error on the code rather than getting a lot of errors for all the compilation errors, such as the ones you get for compiled languages. This would ultimately make testing code slower.
4. Not learning a framework first means that you don't get the experience right away of practicing industry-standard tools. However, vanilla Javascript is important to understand and master first before learning something like React, Svelt, and Vue. All of these frameworks are, while different in the way that they work and their syntax, fundementally built off of JS, HTML, and CSS. Without a basis of knowledge of how JS, HTML, and CSS work individually and together, it will make learning the framework first not only harder but also potentially damaging to one's base understanding of JS, HTML, and CSS themselves.
5. This lab is important for the project to give a detailed understanding of JS. This is especially the case with the devtools section of the lab, since this means that anyone can theoretically now test pieces of the code of any website by opening the devtools tab and viewing all sorts of information. The diagramming portion of the lab was also extremely important in the beginning design stages of the project, since a lot of thought and design is going to have to be done before a single line of code is written.